feat:update docs navigation (#168)
dhis2/developer-portal: docs/tutorials/ui-library.md

### DHIS2 UI Library Principles

The UI library more than just a collection of components, there also are principles, such as predefined colors, layout, typography, icons and patterns. You can find all of these in the [DHIS2 UI documentation](/design-system).

### Live demos documentation

> The [DHIS2 Design System](/design-system) contains a lot of help *how to design an app*, but if you want to know about all the Web Components available, you can check the [Web Components documentation](/docs/ui/webcomponents) and check the interactive demo for each component at [Storybook](pathname:///demo/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [DHIS2 Design System](/design-system) contains a lot of guidance on *how to design an app*, but if you want to know about all the Web Components available, you can check the [Web Components documentation](/docs/ui/webcomponents) and check the interactive demo for each component at [Storybook](pathname:///demo/).
```
